Welcome to the Knox video training series
In this video, we'll show you how to connect Knox E-FOTA to VMWare Workspace ONE
And add device groups from Workspace ONE. This lets you keep device information synchronized between the two.
Let's get started!
Before you start connecting Knox E-FOTA to VMWare Workspace ONE
You first need to, Create a Samsung Knox account at SamsungKnox.com
Apply for access to Knox E-FOTA and Workspace ONE
Obtain trial or commercial licenses for Knox E-FOTA and Workspace ONE
And finally, prepare your Samsung devices in Workspace ONE by enrolling them and adding them to device groups
To connect Knox E-FOTA to VMWare Workspace ONE, you'll need to
Create an API client in your Workspace ONE admin portal
Connect to Workspace ONE through the Knox E-FOTA admin portal using your new API client's REST API key
Enroll your Workspace ONE device group in Knox E-FOTA
And install the Knox E-FOTA One app on the devices through Workspace ONE and Knox Service Plugin
To create an API client, log in to the VMWare Workspace ONE admin portal
Go to Groups and Settings, All Settings
Under System, click Advanced, API, REST API
In the General tab, ensure that API access is enabled
Then click Add
Under Service, enter a unique name for the API key
Click Save. Take note of your new client's REST API key.
You'll use it with Knox E-FOTA
Now that you've created an API client key, you can use it to connect Knox E-FOTA to Workspace ONE
Launch the Knox E-FOTA app
In the left navigation, select EMM Groups
Then, in the upper right portion of the screen, select Connect EMM
In the Pick your EMM to manage devices menu,
Select VMWare Workspace One
Enter your Workspace ONE username and password
Then, enter the URL of your Workspace ONE admin portal
Followed by /API/MDM
Enter your new REST API key, then click Connect
The smart groups from Workspace ONE are loaded
In the Add devices groups to E-FOTA screen, turn on Sync next to the device groups that you want to add to Knox E-FOTA
For this demonstration, we'll add only one device group
But you can add multiple groups at a time
Then click Add E-FOTA groups
The device group will be added to Knox E-FOTA with all device details synced from your Workspace ONE account
Next, you need to enrol the device group you added
In your Knox E-FOTA admin portal, on the EMM Groups tab
Select the device group you want to enrol
Then, in the upper right portion of the screen, click Actions and select Enroll devices in groups
Select the license you want to use, and click Done
Each device in the device group consumes one license seat
Enrollment will only start once you've installed the Knox E-FOTA app on the devices
The Knox Deployment Program enables frictionless out of the box device enollment and configuration for enterprises
With their existing fleet
The Knox Service Plugin helps you set up your compatible UEM
Hence, we'll show you how to install and launch the Knox E-FOTA app via Knox Service Plugin
Visit the Knox E-FOTA One admin guide to learn more about other ways to install the Knox E-FOTA app
First, you need to integrate your Workspace ONE with Android Enterprise
In your Workspace ONE admin portal, click Apps and Books
Public. Then click Add application
In the Add application screen, next to Platform, select Android
And ensure that Source is set to Search App Store
Next to name, enter Knox E-FOTA
Then, click next
In the next screen, select Knox E-FOTA One
Then under Approval settings, select the Keep approved when app request new permission
Click Done, and then click OK to confirm your request
In the next screen, next to Categories, select Business System
Click Save and assign
In the Assignment screen, add a name for your app assignment
Choose a group to assign to the Knox E-FOTA app
This group should match the device group you added to Knox E-FOTA
Ensure that the app delivery method is set to auto, then click Create
In the next screen, click Save, then click Publish
Next, you need to add the Knox Service Plugin app
In your Workspace ONE admin portal, click Apps and Books
Public
Then click Add application
In the Add application screen, next to Platform
Select Android and ensure that Source is set to Search App Store
Next to name, enter Knox Service Plugin
Then click Next
In the next screen, select Knox Service Plugin
In the Knox Service Plugin page, click approve
A popup shows the permissions for the Knox Service Plugin app. Click Approve.
Then select how you would like the approval settings to be handled, and click Done
In the next screen, next to Categories,
Select Business System
Click Save and assign
In the assignment screen, add a name for your app assignment
Choose a group to assign the Knox Service Plugin app to
This group should match the device group you added to Knox E-FOTA
Ensure that the app delivery method is set to auto
Then go to the Application configuration tab
In the Application configuration screen, turn on Managed Access
And Send app configuration not globalized
and 'Send Configuration'
Then scroll to Device wide policies, and click Configure
Expand firmware update FOTA policy
Then enable Enable firmware controls
Scroll to Enable E-FOTA client installation and launch
And enable it as well
Click create. In the next screen, click Save
Then click Publish
Once installation is complete, the devices will be enrolled in Knox E-FOTA
You can then use Knox E-FOTA to create a campaign and assign it to the device group
This concludes our demo on how to connect Knox E-FOTA to VMWare Workspace ONE
For more information on Knox E-FOTA, visit docs.samsungknox.com
Thanks for watching!